# Auxiliary Moves

## Trust Fate

When you **trust fate** to get you where you’re supposed to go, roll 2d6 and hope for the best.

## Struggle

When you **struggle to avoid badness**, tell the party and the GM what consequence you intend to lessen or avoid, and agree with the others how it should happen. Then **give up** an item from your Baggage.

## Push Your Luck

When you push your luck, answer the questions below:

- Is it worth more obligations? (Gain an Obligation;
- Is it worth harm or loss to myself? (Add 1 Weight or lose all bonus ongoing and forward);
- Is it worth messing with fate? (You get -1d6 ongoing until the end of the session when you Trust Fate);

Roll 1d6 for every question you answered yes.

Check your results against the move you made. Regardless of whether you hit or miss, for every dice result of 1 you choose a consequence implied by the questions you answered yes to.


## Brace Yourself

When you **brace yourself**, the GM will make a move against you, as hard as they see fit. If you want to avoid badness, you can **Struggle.**

## Offer Help

When you **offer help** to a party member and they accept, add +1d6 to their dice pool. Both of you bear the consequences and mishaps of a messy hit or a miss.

## Get in the way

When you **get in the way** of a party member, you can give them a choice. Ask them whether they fail because of you.

If they say yes, they choose one. If they say no, you choose one.

- Write an obligation to them;
- You add 1 Weight.

If you give them no choice, then you take both.

## Team Work

When the party faces a Challenge as a group, agree on a party member to be the Lead and a party member to be the Support. They can both be the same. 

When the Lead makes a roll, each other party member joining the effort adds 1d6 to the pool. Anyone can add an additional 1d6 to the pool for every 1 Weight they add.

Declare what Angle you wish to address and roll your Team Work.

On a hit, that Angle loses 1 Edge.

On a critical hit, you cross that Angle out. Describe how and celebrate your success.

On a messy hit, the team takes -1d6 forward to engage the Challenge, unless the support chooses to take -1d6 ongoing to engage the Challenge. 

On a miss, brace yourselves. Everyone involved shares the outcome and the support takes the brunt of the badness.

## Yield

When the party **yields** before or during a conflict with otherwise reasonable foes, ask questions from **Read the Room** or **Read a Person** as if you had rolled a sound hit.

As a group, tell the GM what could happen to you all and agree upon a fun and satisfying outcome.