# FP

Lovestruck Haunted Poet

haunted
Poet			Languages			Any one Lore or Philosophy
diplomacy

If  [the Hero sitting on my right]  falls, I will...	

... have the rest of the crew save them while I escape the dungeon										

Devout

Bodyguard			Protection			Perception or Weapons				

Intimidation		

If  [the Hero sitting on my right]  falls, I will...	
... say a prayer of relief to my deity			

Your character's primary motive is enlightenment.

Estranged Child of the Sun

You no longer belong with the Children of the Sun.

## The Empress

You are wise and beautiful, kind and generous, the pure embodiment of nurturing love. Your energy manifests in the many plants that turn toward your radiance. Your mere presence is enough to make them grow and with more focus, they can rise up in new and beautiful ways. You are their sun, their water, their soil.

### Unique Trait
Roll 1d6 on the table below or come up with your own:
1. patient
2. tenacious
3. grounded
4. contemplative
5. quiet
6. tender

### Baggage

Take these:

- A BEAUTIFUL DRESS;
- A CROWN OF TWELVE STARS;
- An ORNATE STAFF;

Roll twice on the table below, or come up with your own remaining items:

1. A spell or dweomer of GROWTH;
2. A spell or dweomer of CULTIVATE;
3. CALLOUSED HANDS with dirt under the nails;
4. A SACHEL OF HERBS to treat and aid in many things;
5. A POUCH OF SEEDS for rare and impossible plants;
6. GARDENING AND TENDING skills;

### Unique "move"

**Speak with Plants**

When you **speak with plants**, be Insightful. On a hit, you can speak with nearby plant life. They will tell you what they know and have experienced from their perspective. 

On a 10+, this effect can be used to communicate across large plant networks or through vast root systems.

# Toika

## The Empress

You are wise and beautiful, kind and generous, the pure embodiment of nurturing love. Your energy manifests in the many plants that turn toward your radiance. Your mere presence is enough to make them grow and with more focus, they can rise up in new and beautiful ways. You are their sun, their water, their soil.

Possessions
- A BEAUTIFUL DRESS.
- A CROWN OF TWELVE STARS.
- An ORNATE STAFF.

Advanced Skills
- 3 Gardening
- 3 Spell – Cultivate
- 3 Spell – Growth
- 1 Staff Fighting

Special

You can Test your Luck to speak with nearby plant life. They will tell you what they know and have experienced from their perspective. This effect can be used to communicate across large plant networks or through vast root systems

## STRENGTH

You are a wandering master. You are in complete control of yourself and the world around you. Though you are undeniably strong, your true power comes from your measured and calm application of your strength. You know when to push, when to pull, when to endure violence, and when to commit it. Very little in the physical realm phases you.

Possessions
- A SIMPLE DRESS.
- A FLOWER CROWN that never wilts.
- A terrible and majestic ANIMAL COMPANION.

Advanced Skills
- 4 Animal Handling
- 4 Strength
- 4 Unarmed Fighting

Special

Beasts will never directly harm you unless you pose a direct threat to them or their group.

## THE HERMIT

You know much of the world and have deemed it unnecessary. There is peace and clarity that comes with removing yourself from the hustle and bustle of others, so much so that you have built your entire life around avoiding others. This doesn’t mean you live under a rock—at least not all the time—but rather you know how to move in and through so-called civilized society without being noticed.

Possessions
- TRAVELING CLOTHES.
- A WORN CLOAK WITH MANY POCKETS.
- A WALKING STICK (Damage as Staff).
- A LANTERN.

Advanced Skills
- 3 Awareness
- 3 Hide
- 3 Secret Signs - Travelers
- 2 Disguise

Special

You can Test your Luck to find a secret, hidden, or overlooked place in which to hide. It provides you complete cover and camouflage against almost any detection.

## THE STAR

Your healing waters and calming presence is unfortunately associated with calamity, as you are often found tending wounded after a battle or tending survivors of natural disasters. You do so diligently; preserving life is your ultimate calling, especially for those who have endured vast hardship. You are blessed by the very stars to impart their warm light to those in need.

Possessions
- A WREATH OF STARS around you head, which you can adjust the brightness of.
- Two WATER JUGS that purify water, removing any disease or poison.

Advanced Skills
- 4 Spell – Create Water
- 3 Healing
- 3 Spell – Heal
- 2 Astrology

Special

You can Test your Luck to take on a
negative feeling or emotion from
someone you clasp hands with. That
person feels the negativity release them
into a state of calm.

## chaos champion

You no longer don the spiked brass
armour but you still have the ear of
your Chaos patron. They’re happy
for you to experiment with not
plunging your world into disorder and,
ultimately, darkness, but the door is
always open.
poSSeSSioNS
• ritual ScarS.
• a huge maul.
• Assortment of ragged armour
(counts as Modest Armour).
• dream Journal, almost full.
aDvaNceD SkillS
6 Language – Kurgan
3 Maul Fighting
3 Secret Signs – Chaos Patron
1 Spell – Random
1 Second Sight
sPecial
Name your patron. You may call upon
your patron for aid once per day. To
do so roll three 6s on 3d6. The GM will
interpret their intervention.