# Baggage moves 2.0 concept
Burdens could become more integral to character creation, having some bits be burdens themselves. verbs: wield, wear, be, withhold, seek, follow (like a principle), value etc. 

This could bring Burdens up from just a kind of weird harm + dice system into a more organic and dramatic thing.

I imagine if you had a character sheet an some fields had "weight" trackers near them and they get depleted as you accumulate weight.

## Wield

## Wear

## Value

## Safekeep

## Bear


# Baggage Moves - Legacy

## Rely on Your Baggage

When you **rely on your baggage**, choose which item from your baggage you are relying on that is not a Burden and add 1 Weight to it. Then for every 1 Weight on that item, add 1d6 to your dice pool, up to 3d6.

## Add or Drop Weight

When you **add Weight**, add as many Weight points as established to an appropriate item in your Baggage.

When you **drop Weight**, remove as many Weight points as established from an appropriate item in your Baggage.

As long as you have 3 Weight on any single item in your Baggage, it is a Burden, and you can't rely on it anymore.

## Shed a Burden

When you **shed a burden**, describe how you break, damage, yield or otherwise lose an item from your baggage, then erase that item. Drop up to 3 Weight among the remaining Baggage items.

## Give up some Baggage

When you **give up some Baggage** as a trade-off of a choice, a consequence of something you did, or something that hit you, erase an item from your Baggage.

## Overwhelmed

When you **are overwhelmed by your Burdens**, choose one:

- You lose something precious (lose an item from your Baggage);
- You are callous or indifferent (suppress Kind);
- You are disheartened or fearful (suppress Brave);
- Your spirit is broken (suppress Curious);
- You are shaken or  unfocused (suppress Mindful);
- Your senses are dulled and rough (suppress Insightful).

## Unburdened

When you **shed all of your burdens and lose all of your baggage**, you are unburdened.

As you set yourself free from your baggage, choose whether you **Retire** or whether you **Change**.

### Retire:

- Retire this character and answer one of the questions below:
- Do you find yourself unable to carry on? Why?
- Do you die? How?
- Are you somehow removed to another place, literally or not, so that you cannot stay with the party for an indeterminate time? Where?

### Change:

You are out of action until someone can take you somewhere safe to pick up the pieces. Maybe you are carried by your companions, or you are separated and find yourself in a safe place later or something else.

- You can change one heritage tag for a new one;
- You can change one word from your Origin;
- You can change your highlighted Trait;
- You can change your suppressed Trait;
- Write a new item to your Baggage related to how you gave yourself up in the last scene;
- Write a new item of baggage related to the person you thought you were;
- You can change a special move for another;
- Write a new obligation related to how you find yourself in safety;
- Something you: must recover, must give up, must understand anew;
- (idea: Choose a “destiny”?)

## Alternative move concept: Find Release

when you lose all burdens, find release

when you find release, look at your core values

add one and/or change one